adds fill_nulls_with to all metric types (#4768)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metrics-overview.md

```yaml
metrics:
  - name: The metric name # Required
    description: The metric description # Optional
    type: conversion # Required
    label: # Required
    type_params: # Required

>       fills_nulls_with: Set value to zero instead of null # Optional

Author: ```suggestion
      fills_nulls_with: Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero) # Optional
```
